but not
something something that happened people welcome to
a hundred is from the fuck tv you already know how it is
this may explode the fuck like they
I say if they do not have the fuck they are attacked
one hundred percent that of dragon ball z
Juanito is with all of you with
new information because because if
just revealed something epic nap of the
night and had to do work tv
because I just found out if you're finished
to reveal at what temporary stage it is going to
locate super dragon ball in the magazine
davis although it is the number that comes out already
same at this time is beginning to
be available in different places
of the world starting with good japan what
that they have reported is that if a data that
many did not believe too much possible I
neither does it believe anymore, it did not turn out that
had a sense of everything it was going to be that
if this super dragon ball story
is located at a time that many do not
We really believed that it would happen
because because very super work is going to
be located as soon as they finish beating
to maximum what does this mean that
hook and then perfectly with
Dragon Ball Kai as it is being broadcast
in Japan
that's why it makes all the sense in the world
that its broadcast begins as soon as it
dragon ball kai Sundays at 9
tomorrow from japan which means that in
sometime on Sunday surely
we will have fans
of these new ones and another is to say that
they also explained a little in this
magazine by the sign obviously is that
in this series two characters that are going to
be constantly present are bills
and wish this is something that is interesting
take into account and think in what way
they're going to do it since bits are supposed to
it's a character that was sleeping
for some time until the stage of
the movie where we met this is a
hole that good let's understand more or
less in what way are they going to human
explain very soon when the series already
be on tv and on the other hand in what way
are going to interact these characters
within what is the plot since it is
supposes that according to the movie the battle
of the gods all the other characters
they were not entirely familiar with
these two therefore if we now
They explain that they knew not
would make a lot of sense therefore they are going to
have some kind of interference in
history without being directly without
relate directly by the others
characters is something that we will also see
four series on TV in what
regards to japan almost all the voices
originals are going to keep less
that for some different reasons like
being his death they will not be able to be
present in this new series and we know
and the synopsis of the first episode
in the first episode what we're going to see
basically it is the Lord to make a docu
that is going to look for work because chichi
2000 as you want to call it says that
this can no longer continue so go to
work a somewhat curious thing but
above all we know that in this
number of the magazine said is
starting the 1st
new manga episode that is based
obviously in a super bowl so
possibly tomorrow we have another video
in this channel the fuck set in which
be that you are in any of all with
all information about it again
manga and then obviously from the first
part of this new series where we already
we will put in context how it starts
all this new story good people already
you know how the thing is here in all
my social networks can follow me
from twitter facebook where they want and
yeah well just out there
obviously they will find things that
do not see in these videos because we're
always going up interesting things that
as I tell you or information of
dragonball many times we have it
before and we do not have the possibility of
make good video there you will find it
so like to my facebook page
subscribe here and we are seeing each other
an upcoming video with all of you
I've got to get there
What is it
to the people who spent 40 6 here is late in
the night I have to wash softly how
is coming back but you know how it is
this
Now that I finish writing my first
book entitled freak show and how good the
TV show I'm already
driving a little more quietly if
go back to the news of dragon ball to
first hour of the first moment or
this is possible that it is a scoop in
this instant on youtube